docs: add yarn spec (#648)
qlik-oss/sn-table: .github/CONTRIBUTION.md

   - For the Saas Edition of Qlik Sense, you can add your webIntegrationId and pointing the engine URL to your tenant following [Nebula serve configuration file](https://qlik.dev/libraries-and-tools/nebulajs/nebula-serve#configuration-file) or the introduction page of `http://localhost:8000` when you run the development server.
1. Or, Upload the /dist folder as an extension on [Qlik Sense Enterprise for Windows](https://help.qlik.com/en-US/sense-developer/November2021/Subsystems/Extensions/Content/Sense_Extensions/Howtos/deploy-extensions.htm) or [Qlik Sense SaaS](https://help.qlik.com/en-US/cloud-services/Subsystems/Hub/Content/Sense_Hub/Admin/mc-extensions.htm)

## API spec generating and verification

Run API spec generating and verification with:

    yarn spec

It verifies the object-properties.js file (a JSDoc file) and generates a [Scriptappy](https://github.com/qlik-oss/scriptappy) definition documentation (a API spec) from that file.

> > Note: When there is any change for the [API spec](../api-specifications/properties.json), DO NOT commit the file. The change will be merged into the main branch when doing the Releasing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: When there is any change in the [API spec](../api-specifications/properties.json), DO NOT commit the file. The change will be updated and merged into the main branch when doing the next release
```

    yarn types:check

## Spec checking

> Run spec checking with:

Reviewer: I mean what you are doing is not checking something, the command generates a JSON file for the API spec. And then  it tells you if something is off. If we want to add this to the documentation it should explain what it does, and that you can use it to make sure the props definition is correct

Author: That's better. I will try to write them down as you said.
